Data Requirements
Your database should be designed to handle the following details:

The organizing committee is made up of a number of sub-committees, each committee having a name and a set of members.  A person can be on a number of different sub-committees.   We want to keep track of the organizing committee in the database, but this will be separate from the other details.  (That is, committee members will be listed separately from attendees, even if they are also a conference attendee).     Each sub-committee has one of it's members as the Chair of the committee.    Examples of sub-committees are the Program Committee, the Registration Committee, the Sponsorship committee etc.   
The conference will be attended by a set of attendees.  Attendees are one of students, professionals or sponsors.  
The rate for attending the conference is different for each category of attendees; Students pay $50, Professionals pay $100 and Sponsors attend for free.  
Students (only) are housed in a hotel room and they room with 1-3 other students.    We need to keep track of the rooming list for the hotel -- who is in which room.  Not all students require rooms.  Rooms are distinguished by the room number and the number of beds (one or two).
Sponsors attend the conference on behalf of one of the sponsoring companies.
Sponsors are companies that support the conference financially.  They are one of Platinum ($10000), Gold ($5000), Silver ($3000) or Bronze ($1000) sponsors.  Companies can send an unlimited number of sponsor attendees to the conference.
As part of their sponsorship, sponsors are able to use the mailing list for the attendees to send out promotional information.  Platinum sponsors can send 5 emails, Gold can send 4 emails and Silver can send 3.  Bronze sponsors are not allowed to send emails.  The database should keep track of how many emails each sponsoring company has sent. 
Sponsoring companies are able to post job ads.  Your database should keep track of these ads by recording the job title, the location (city and province) of the job and the pay rate (per year).    Of course, you should also record which company posted the job!
The conference runs for 2 days and there are sessions scheduled throughout each day.  Each session has a start time, end time and a room location.  Sessions will take place in parallel (for example, there may be more than one session scheduled for 2PM on Saturday).   The schedule information should be captured in the database.
You will also want to record the name of the session and the names of the speaker(s).  Speakers will always be included in the conference attendance list. 
Functional Requirements
Your application will be for the conference organizers only, therefore it does not have to be flashy.  Instead, functionality is the key!  Your application should use PHP and must be able to work with (almost) any DBMS (therefore you should be using PDOs, not mysqli functions).   Your application must support the following:

display all members of a particular organizing sub-committee  (allow the user to choose the sub-committee from a drop down menu).
for a particular hotel room, list all of the students housed in this room.
display the conference schedule for a particular day.
list the sponsors (company name) and their level of sponsorship
for a particular company, list the jobs that they have available.
list all jobs available.
show the list of conference attendees as 3 lists: students, professionals, sponsors.
add a new attendee.  If the attendee is a student, add them to a hotel room. 
show the total intake of the conference broken down by total registration amounts and total sponsorship amounts.
add a new sponsoring company
delete a sponsoring company and it's associated attendees
switch a session's day/time and/or location.
